---
~
---

## Article 1 -- [German scientists make a 'major discovery' that could slow down the ageing process](https://www.euronews.com/health/2023/08/26/german-scientists-make-a-major-discovery-that-could-slow-down-the-ageing-process)

Researcher from the Uni of Cologne (Germany) discovered a gene transcription (one of the olding components) and found some processes to reverse it.

By searching which genes are active and which are not, how do these changes modulate our body.

They define _Transcription_ as the gene's activation of cell's copy. A cell can copy itself, however it's not a perfect copy due to these gene being active or not.

The machine making these transcriptions is called Pol II (stands for _RNA polymerase II_)

This procedure is acceleating through time, being more vulnerable to mistakes and leading to diseases.

By slowing down Pol II, researchers establishing a link : they make lab animals living 10 to 20% longer by mutating _Pol II_.

______
## Article 2 -- [Old mice grow young again in study. Can people do the same?](https://edition.cnn.com/2023/01/12/health/reversing-aging-scn-wellness/index.html)

In Boston labs, researchers make old and blind mice regained theirs eyesight, build younger and smarter brain, healthier muscle and kidney tissues, showing that aging process is reversible.

Sinclair's POV is that aging is due to a corruption of the initial DNA, possible causes may are smoking, eating an inflamatory diet, pollution and environmental toxins as well as a chronic lack of sleep. The cell panics while having to repair DNA at the same time with proteins. As if it losts the original schema, the cell no longer copy perfectly itself.

The theoritical reverse aging would be as effective, no depending on your age or health condition.

It's not localy nor some organs, it's the whole body being affected by the juvenation. And it's not an "one-time" experience, it's been tested on mice multiple times.

Until this juvenial procedure is authorized, we can slower our olding process: if habits can disrupt our DNA, some other may improve: eating less often, focus on plant food, have a good social group, a great sleep, exercising. People following these habits - a healthy lifestyle - have less biogical age than those who doesn't.
____
## Article 3 -- [The rise of 'grief tech': AI is being used to bring the people you love back from the dead](https://www.euronews.com/next/2023/03/12/the-rise-of-grief-tech-ai-is-being-used-to-bring-the-people-you-love-back-from-the-dead)

Grief is a part of the human experience, a harsh experience that we have to face, earlier or not in our life.

But since the advent of AI technology, some company develop AI-driven tools to replicate avatars of people's deceased relative, such as HereAfter AI. 

